Question 6:

    TVC min angle = TVC max angle. Doesnt make sense to be asymmetric. maximum value for this depends on maximum allowed pitch rates.
    Its a trade-off between how fast you want to turn, and how much strain you are allowed to apply to the rocket. I went for a 
    reasonable estimate of 15 degrees. Might be on the higher end of what is normally out there. Mostly will depend on structural load requirements.
    I tried computing the minimum angle required to reorient the rocket in the worst case scenario where the rocket is upside down, but 

    Thrust max - Must be enough to lift the rocket off the ground and to break the initial velocity before the rocket crashes
    from calculations the minimum was ~50kN. Since you need a little margin, rockets normally go for around 1.3 to 1.5 T/W. 
    I went for 1.4 T/W - 70kN

    Min Thrust - the IPOPT solver (the one im using) does not allow for discontinuous variables so you cannot modle reignitable engines.
    they must stay on for the whole flight which is not very accurate since you could delay turning them on for a faster and more fuel 
    efficient landing. I went for 40% throttle based on what is normally out there. As I said, ideally the engine would be able to throttle
    down to 0% but its not feasible to maintain combustion at those low chamber pressures. Most engines can throttle to around 50% but ~
    I was a little optimistic :).

Question 7:
    After implementing the actuator dynamics and comparing it to the results of the script for exercise 3 with the same random generation
    seed for the initial conditions you can see how the rocket needs 5 seconds extra to land, but in turn the controller input is much smoother and
    so is the optimal trajectory.

Optional:
    derived wn and zeta by trial and error :/

Question 8: 
    x and z:
        direct measurement: GPS for both and barometer for altitude
        indirect: IMU (or just accelerometers) and integrate linear acceleration twice
    vz and vz:
        direct: maybe pitot tube like airplanes to measure wind speed but never seen it implemented
        indirect: Derivate GPS and barometer data, integrate IMU linear acceleration data
    pitch angle:
        direct: IMU (magnetometer)
        indirect: integrate gyroscope angular velocity
    pitch rate:
        direct: IMU (gyroscope)
        indirect: derivate magnetometer

    Cameras can also be used to estimate all of them but never heard of them being used in a rocket. probably still too slow.
    
    Ideally the system is redundant and you can fuse sensor data for more accurate estimates of the true state. I like kalman filters.
